Lightweight Down Alternative Comforter
A lighter version of our comforter/duvet insert for cooler sleep

Lightweight Down Alternative Comforter	Price: $265
Select Size
Size guide
Qty
Select Size
[object Object]
[object Object]
[object Object]
dropdownArrow
Twin/Twin XL
$205
Full/Queen
$265
King/Cal King
$315
Select Quantity
1
2
3
4
5
dropdownArrow
1
2
3
4
5
Great for those who sleep hot or live in warmer climates, our lightweight comforter offers the same luxurious feel of the original, but with lighter fill for maximum breathability.
The unique blend of 3D down alternative and sustainable lyocell fill keeps you cozy without feeling too warm.
Cotton shell made of the finest quality long staple percale cotton
Blend of cloud-like 3D down alternative fiber and naturally moisture-wicking lyocell fill
100% hypoallergenic
Wave quilting ensures the down alternative fill stays evenly distributed
Corner loops to attach inside a
duvet cover
(sold separately)
Machine wash cold with like colors, gentle cycle, no bleach, tumble dry low
For a medium-weight comforter that’s great for all seasons, check out our
All-Year Down Alternative Comforter
Subtotal
$265
Add 1 Item to Cart
Your Cart
Item Added Check Mark
0 items were added to your cart
Close Modal
View Cart
Proceed to Checkout
Extravaganza
15% off orders $1k+ | Ends 8/7
Extravaganza
15% off orders $1k+ | Ends 8/7
|
Learn More
Extravaganza
15% off orders $1,000 or more. Plus, as low as 0% APR Financing with Affirm.
Home Trial
365-Night Home Trial
Delivery
Free Delivery & Setup
Warranty
Lifetime Warranty
Shop Now
Learn about Affirm
Close
home-trial
45-day free returns
Learn More
Chevron Right
mattress-removal
Free shipping
Learn More
Chevron Right
warranty
1-year limited warranty
Learn More
Chevron Right

Frequently asked questions
What is a duvet insert?
Expand/Collapse
Also known as a “duvet”, a duvet insert is typically fluffier than traditional comforters and quilts because they are filled with down alternative fibers or some other lightweight fill. They’re designed to be used inside a duvet cover.
Saatva comforters can be used alone, but we recommend using it like a duvet insert inside our organic duvet covers to keep it clean and protected in between washes.
What is the difference between a duvet and a comforter?
Expand/Collapse
The terms “comforter” and “duvet” (also known as “duvet insert”) are sometimes used interchangeably. Traditionally, a comforter is meant to be used on its own and doesn’t require a cover. It can either have a decorative print or a solid color.
In contrast, a duvet (AKA duvet insert) is designed to be used inside a duvet cover which you can wash and switch out regularly. Duvets are also typically fluffier than traditional comforters and quilts because they are filled with down alternative or some other lightweight fill.
Our Saatva All-Year Comforter is actually a hybrid of both. Like a comforter, it can be used on its own without a duvet because it’s super soft and machine washable. Unlike a traditional comforter, it has the cloud-like softness and lightweight breathability of a duvet.
We recommend using the All-Year Comforter as a duvet insert inside our duvet covers to give you more versatility and ease when laundry day comes around.
What is the best way to wash my down alternative comforter/duvet insert?
Expand/Collapse
Machine wash on its own in cold water on a gentle cycle. Do not bleach. Tumble dry low and remove promptly. Mild, organic detergents work best.
How do you insert a duvet into a duvet cover
Expand/Collapse
Duvet covers typically have fabric loops on each corner to tie and anchor the corners of the duvet insert to keep it from bunching.
Follow these easy steps to insert your duvet insert into your duvet cover:
1. Turn the duvet cover inside out and lay it flat on your mattress, with the opening at the foot of the bed.
2.  Lay the comforter/duvet insert on top of the duvet cover.
3. Tie the ends of the duvet insert to the corresponding corner loops of the duvet cover.
4. Starting at the head of the bed, roll both the duvet cover and comforter/duvet insert together like a burrito toward the foot of the bed.
5. Once at the end, invert the duvet cover opening around the ends of both sides of the “burrito” you just rolled.
6. Zip the duvet cover closed.
7. Unroll the “burrito” back up toward the head of the bed and fluff as needed.
Are down alternative comforters hot?
Expand/Collapse
Our unique blend of airy 3D down alternative fibers and naturally breathable lyocell absorbs very little body heat while offering a high volume of airflow which allows you to sleep very cool.
To make our comforter even cooler, we cover it with naturally breathable percale cotton.
Do down alternative comforters shed?
Expand/Collapse
Unlike traditional down comforters which can shed some smaller pieces of down filling through the fabric shell, down alternative comforters usually don’t have this issue.
They’re also a more hypoallergenic option because they don’t trap allergens like dust mites and pollen like traditional down comforters can.
What is lyocell?
Expand/Collapse
Lyocell is a semi-synthetic fiber that is a form of rayon composed primarily of cellulose derived from wood pulp. It is a naturally biodegradable fiber that is manufactured in an efficient, eco-friendly process, making it a sustainable alternative to synthetic fibers like polyester.
The main benefits of lyocell are its superb breathability, moisture-wicking, and durability.
Why is the cotton shell on the comforter / duvet insert a 200-thread count?
Expand/Collapse
The short answer: breathability!
According to the National Sleep Foundation, the sweet spot for thread count in cotton bedding is between 200 and 400.
            If you tend to sleep hot, a higher thread count may not be a great choice as it tends to trap body heat.
            Sticking to that sweet spot for
thread count
is a good way to ensure your cotton sheets won't feel too warm.
What is GSM?
Expand/Collapse
GSM stands for “grams per meter” and refers to the weight of a fabric. In general, the higher the fabric’s GSM, the thicker and warmer it feels.
Below are the GSM weights of some of our bedding:
• Lightweight Down Alternative Comforter: lightweight 220 GSM
• All-Year Down Alternative Comforter: medium-weight 340 GSM
• Heavyweight Down Alternative Comforter: heavyweight 420 GSM
• Waffle Knit Blanket: medium-weight 320 GSM
What is OEKO-TEX®?
Expand/Collapse
The OEKO-TEX® Standard 100 is the internationally accepted standard for certifying textiles and home furnishings. Products that carry the OEKO-TEX® Standard 100 seal have been tested to ensure they're free of toxic chemicals.
What is your return policy for bedding & bath products?
Expand/Collapse
Bedding and bath products returned within 45 days of the delivery date will get a full refund to the original form of payment. There are no restocking or penalty fees for used products, but we do ask that you wash any used products before returning.
To make a bedding or bath return, simply call
1-877-672-2882
or email
info@saatvamattress.com
. If you received our bedding as a gift, please call us for help with your return.
What is the exchange policy for bedding?
Expand/Collapse
At this time we do not have an exchange policy for Saatva bedding. If you would like to exchange your merchandise, simply return your order and repurchase the item of your choice.
Does Saatva offer any discounts to first responders, veterans, active military & more?
Expand/Collapse
We offer a year-round $225 discount off orders of $1,000 or more to active military, veterans, first responders, government employees, nurses, teachers, senior citizens & students. To apply the discount, simply click on the "Discount for first responders & more" box at checkout. You will be prompted to register with ID.me to verify your status and receive the discount. Note that your cart will automatically apply the larger discount if there is a promotional sale on Saatva.com that is better than your ID.me discount.
We also occasionally offer promotional sales for limited time periods on our products on Saatva.com and Saatva Viewing Rooms. To be one of the first to learn about our latest sales, sign up for our mailing list at our site footer or text BED to SAATVA (722882). You can unsubscribe at any time.
+

