Sateen Sheet Set & Latex Pillows Bundle

Sateen Sheet Set & Latex Pillows Bundle	Price: $575	$535	Save $40
Frequently asked questions
What is a sateen weave and why is it preferable?
Expand/Collapse
Sateen cotton is woven with long-staple cotton yarn using a one-yarn-over, three-yarn-under weave structure. This technique creates a silky-soft feel known for its luster and drape.
What does thread count mean, and why does it matter?
Expand/Collapse
Thread count is the number of horizontal (warp) and vertical (weft) threads in one square inch of cotton fabric. The higher the thread count, the warmer the fabric becomes.
Note that thread count is only relevant to cotton sheets. It's also only one indicator of good quality. Cotton sheet thread count can vary from the 100s to 1,000 or higher. The problem is you can only get so many threads into a loom. Some bedding manufacturers might sacrifice thread quality to increase the thread count.
We chose a thread count of 300 for our sateen cotton, 200 for our percale cotton, and 180 for our percale cotton-viscose blend to achieve the perfect balance of breathability, softness, and durability. We only use long-staple cotton, made from longer cotton fibers, for a stronger, smoother, more durable fabric.
For more about thread count, check out our
blog
..
What is Fair Trade Certified™ cotton?
Expand/Collapse
Products made with Fair Trade Certified™ cotton are made according to rigorous social, environmental, and economic Fair Trade Standards. This means the farmers and workers behind that product earn additional money from your purchase to empower and uplift their communities.
All businesses that work with Fair Trade are held to these rigorous standards, which drive income sustainability, community and individual well-being, empowerment, and environmental stewardship. They include requirements around worker’s rights, fair labor practices, and responsible land management. These standards ensure that goods are made with care for the people and planet.
What is GOTS?
Expand/Collapse
The Global Organic Textile Standard (GOTS) is the leading textile processing standard for organic fibers. Fabrics that carry the GOTS symbol must be made with at least 95% organic fiber, free of toxic chemicals, colored with nontoxic dyes, and meet strict social and environmental criteria.

