Crib Mattress
Our dual-sided nontoxic crib mattress for little ones

Crib Mattress	Price: $355
Add a pair of crib sheets
Organic Cotton Crib Sheet Pair
+$79
This breathable fitted sheet adds an extra layer of protection and comfort to your baby’s crib mattress.
Subtotal
$355
Add 1 Item to Cart
Your Cart
Item Added Check Mark
0 items were added to your cart
Close Modal
View Cart
Proceed to Checkout
Extravaganza
15% off orders $1k+ | Ends 8/7
Extravaganza
15% off orders $1k+ | Ends 8/7
|
Learn More
Extravaganza
15% off orders $1,000 or more. Plus, as low as 0% APR Financing with Affirm.
Home Trial
365-Night Home Trial
Delivery
Free Delivery & Setup
Warranty
Lifetime Warranty
Shop Now
Learn about Affirm
Close
home-trial
45-day free returns
Learn More
Chevron Right
white-glove
Free shipping
Learn More
Chevron Right
warranty
Lifetime warranty
Learn More
Chevron Right


Specifications
Dimensions
Expand/Collapse
The Saatva Crib Mattress is 6” tall and comes in one standard crib size. It has squared corners for a snug fit in your crib, leaving less gaps.
Crib
28" x 52"
Crib
28" x 52"
Made in the U.S.A.
Expand/Collapse
Every Saatva mattress is made to order and handcrafted in America with care and pride, using only the highest quality, consciously sourced materials. We could have settled on cheaper materials and produced our products elsewhere for higher profits, but we've never wavered in our commitment to quality. We believe it's the right thing to do for our customers, our American workers, and our economy.
Eco-friendly materials
Expand/Collapse
Every Saatva Crib Mattress features:
Cover made with organic cotton
Guardin®, nontoxic, botanical antimicrobial treatment
Cradle to Cradle GOLD certified™ natural latex
Recycled steel coils
Chemical-free flame barrier is OEKO-TEX® Standard 100 certified
Delivery
Expand/Collapse
The Saatva Crib Mattress comes with free UPS ground shipping.

Give a bundle of comfort to your bundle of joy with our dual-sided crib mattress
Our dual-sided baby mattress is designed with the safety and unique sleep needs of babies and toddlers in mind. Handcrafted with natural, nontoxic, eco-friendly materials, it gives you peace of mind as your baby is cradled in soothing comfort.
Two beds in one
Flippable design adapts to their unique sleep needs with double-firm support for babies and firm support for toddlers.
Cotton
Healthier sleep
GREENGUARD Gold
Certified to be free of harmful emissions, formaldehyde, and VOCs (won't off-gas). Naturally hypoallergenic and antimicrobial organic cotton and organic wool, and a chemical-free flame barrier cover create a safer sleep environment for your child.
Accident proof
Washable, accident-proof cover
Accidents and spills are a breeze to clean with a breathable, removable & washable cover made with organic cotton and treated with a safe, eco-friendly water-repellent treatment.

