Waffle Towel Collection
Our light & airy towel inspired by the world’s finest spas



Waffle Towel Collection	3-piece
 Bath Towel Set 	Price: $95


Waffle Towel Collection	4-pack
 Bath Towels 	Price: $175


Waffle Towel Collection	2-pack
 Bath Sheets 	Price: $145
Enjoy spa-worthy softness after every bath or shower with our light & breathable waffle towels. Exclusively woven in durable long staple cotton that gets softer with every wash.
Long staple cotton woven in a lightweight & ultra-absorbent oversized waffle construction
OEKO-TEX® Standard 100 certified free of harmful chemicals so it's better for you & the planet
Comes in a natural cotton drawstring bag for storage (and perfect for gifting!)
Machine wash warm with like-color towels (not mixed with clothing), in gentle cycle, no bleach, tumble dry in low or medium heat
We recommend hanging your waffle towel on a rack instead of hooks to maintain the waffle weave structure over time

What makes our
Waffle Towel Collection
so special?
Breathable yet absorbent
Features an Imabari-style waffle design for a lightweight feel that doesn’t sacrifice absorbency and softness.
Woven with durable long staple cotton
Long staple cotton yarns get softer with every wash and will last for years with proper care.
Better for you & the planet
OEKO-TEX® Standard 100
certified cotton guarantees that our towels are free of harmful chemicals.

Frequently asked questions
Should I put bath towels in the dryer?
Expand/Collapse
We recommend tumble drying towels in a low temperature and drying with other towels or bedding. Do not throw in the dryer with clothing, especially ones with zippers and other hardware as these can snag the fibers of your towels.
What is the purpose of a waffle towel?
Expand/Collapse
Waffle towels are lighter than other towel types yet they retain great absorbency. They're particularly great for humid bathrooms because they dry faster than traditional towels.
What size is a luxury bath towel?
Expand/Collapse
Saatva towels come in the following standard sizes:
Face towel*
13” x 13”
Hand towel*
20” x 30”
Bath towel
30” x 58”
Bath sheet
40” x 66”
*Face towel & hand towel are only available in the
3-pc Bath Towel Set
.
What's the best way to wash my towels?
Expand/Collapse
Machine wash in cold water with like-color towels and bedding. Do not wash with clothing, especially ones with zippers and other hardware as these can snag the fibers of your towels.
Tumble dry in low or medium heat.
What is OEKO-TEX®?
Expand/Collapse
The OEKO-TEX® Standard 100 is the internationally accepted standard for certifying textiles and home furnishings. Products that carry the OEKO-TEX® Standard 100 seal have been tested to ensure they're free of toxic chemicals.
What is your return policy for bedding & bath products?
Expand/Collapse
Bath products returned within 45 days of the delivery date will get a full refund to the original form of payment. There are no restocking or penalty fees for used products, but we do ask that you wash your used towel before returning.
To return a bath product, simply call 1-877-672-2882 or email
info@saatvamattress.com
. If you received our bath product as a gift, please call us for help with your return.
What is the exchange policy for bath towels?
Expand/Collapse
At this time we do not have an exchange policy for Saatva bedding. If you would like to exchange your merchandise, simply return your order and repurchase the item of your choice.
+

