Saatva Youth Mattress
Our versatile innerspring youth mattress designed for growing kids



Saatva Youth Mattress	Twin 	No Foundation 	Price: $795


Saatva Youth Mattress	Twin XL 	No Foundation 	Price: $935


Saatva Youth Mattress	Full 	No Foundation 	Price: $1,055	$897	Save $158

Specifications
Dimensions
Expand/Collapse
The Saatva Youth is 10" high and comes in the following standard mattress sizes:
Twin
Twin XL
Full
38" x 75"
38" x 80"
54" x 75"
Twin
38" x 75"
Twin XL
38" x 80"
Full
54" x 75"
Made in the U.S.A.
Expand/Collapse
Every Saatva mattress is made to order and handcrafted in America with care and pride, using only the highest quality, consciously sourced materials. We could have settled on cheaper materials and produced our products elsewhere for higher profits, but we've never wavered in our commitment to quality. We believe it's the right thing to do for our customers, our American workers, and our economy.
Eco-friendly materials
Expand/Collapse
Every Saatva Youth mattress features:
Cover made with organic cotton
Guardin™ nontoxic, botanical antimicrobial treatment
CertiPUR-US® certified foams that meet their standards for health and environmental safety
Recycled steel coils
Flame retardant barrier made from natural thistle pulp (rather than chemical sprays).
Delivery & setup
Expand/Collapse
Sit back and relax while we do all the work. Our free white glove delivery includes in-room delivery and set up. We'll even take away your old mattress at no additional cost to you. Just select free mattress removal at checkout.
365-night home trial
Expand/Collapse
At Saatva, we never pressure you to make up your mind quickly. All of our mattresses come with a 365-night home trial, so you have plenty of time to decide whether it’s right for you. If at any point during your home trial you’re not satisfied, just give us a call and we’ll come pick up the mattress and refund your money, less a $99 processing fee to cover our cost of gas and labor for the pickup. That’s it.

Great days start with great sleep on the best mattress for kids
Our dual-sided youth mattress is specifically designed to help growing kids ages 3 to 12 reach their full potential through great sleep. It's handcrafted with the same eco-friendly, high-quality materials as all Saatva mattresses to provide exceptional comfort and support for growing bodies
Two beds in one
No need to buy a new mattress thanks to its dual-sided, flippable design that adapts to your child's growth.
Cotton
Healthier sleep
Naturally hypoallergenic and antimicrobial organic cotton, nontoxic natural thistle flame barrier, and
CertiPUR-US®
certified foams are healthier for your child and the planet.
Accident proof
Accident-proof
A water-resistant finish and internal waterproof barrier protect the mattress against accidents and spills to make cleanup easy.

